[doc][yba] xCluster Replication update (#23417)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/manage-deployments/xcluster-replication/xcluster-replication-ddl.md

| DROP TABLE   | [Remove table from replication](#remove-a-table-from-replication) | Execute on Target | Execute on Source |
| CREATE INDEX | Execute on Source | Execute&nbsp;on&nbsp;Target | [Reconcile&nbsp;configuration](#reconcile-configuration) |
| DROP INDEX   | [Remove index table from replication](#remove-a-table-from-replication) | Execute on Target | Execute on Source |
| ALTER TABLE or INDEX | Execute&nbsp;on&nbsp;Target | Execute&nbsp;on&nbsp;Source | No changes needed |

{{% /tab %}}
{{</tabpane >}}

In addition, keep in mind the following:

- If you are using Colocated tables, you CREATE TABLE on target, then CREATE TABLE on source, making sure that you force the Colocation ID to be identical to that on target.
- If you try to make a DDL change on source and it fails, you must also make the same attempt on target and get the same failure.

Use the following guidance when managing tables and indexes in universes with replication configured.

## Tables

Note: If you are performing application upgrades involving both adding and dropping tables, perform the upgrade in two parts: first add tables, then drop tables.

### Add a table to replication

> To potentially avoid a full copy, set up replication on a new table _before_ starting any workload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid a full copy, add the table to replication when it is newly created on both source & target."
```
